[Music]
[Music] after abemolik there rose to save israel
after abemolik there rose to save israel
after abemolik there rose to save israel Toller the son of pure the son of dota a
Toller the son of pure the son of dota a
Toller the son of pure the son of dota a man of Issachar and he dwelt in Shamer
man of Issachar and he dwelt in Shamer
man of Issachar and he dwelt in Shamer in the mountains of Ephraim he judged
in the mountains of Ephraim he judged
in the mountains of Ephraim he judged Israel 23 years and he died and was
Israel 23 years and he died and was
Israel 23 years and he died and was buried in shame after him arose Jaya a
buried in shame after him arose Jaya a
buried in shame after him arose Jaya a gileadite and he judged Israel 22 years
gileadite and he judged Israel 22 years
gileadite and he judged Israel 22 years now he had 30 sons who wrote on 30
now he had 30 sons who wrote on 30
now he had 30 sons who wrote on 30 donkeys they also had 30 towns which are
donkeys they also had 30 towns which are
donkeys they also had 30 towns which are called a VAR za to this day which are in
called a VAR za to this day which are in
called a VAR za to this day which are in the land of Gilead and jr. died and was
the land of Gilead and jr. died and was
the land of Gilead and jr. died and was buried in Kaymer
buried in Kaymer
buried in Kaymer then the children of Israel again did
then the children of Israel again did
then the children of Israel again did evil in the sight of the Lord and served
evil in the sight of the Lord and served
evil in the sight of the Lord and served the bails and the ashteroth the gods of
the bails and the ashteroth the gods of
the bails and the ashteroth the gods of Syria the gods of Sidon the gods of Moab
Syria the gods of Sidon the gods of Moab
Syria the gods of Sidon the gods of Moab the gods of the people of Ammon and the
the gods of the people of Ammon and the
the gods of the people of Ammon and the gods of the Philistines and they forsook
gods of the Philistines and they forsook
gods of the Philistines and they forsook the Lord and did not serve Him so the
the Lord and did not serve Him so the
the Lord and did not serve Him so the anger of the Lord was hot against Israel
anger of the Lord was hot against Israel
anger of the Lord was hot against Israel and he sold them into the hands of the
and he sold them into the hands of the
and he sold them into the hands of the Philistines
Philistines
Philistines and into the hands of the people of
and into the hands of the people of
and into the hands of the people of ammon from that year they harassed and
ammon from that year they harassed and
ammon from that year they harassed and oppressed the children of Israel for 18
oppressed the children of Israel for 18
oppressed the children of Israel for 18 years all the children of Israel who
years all the children of Israel who
years all the children of Israel who were on the other side of the Jordan in
were on the other side of the Jordan in
were on the other side of the Jordan in the land of the ammonites in Gilead or
the land of the ammonites in Gilead or
the land of the ammonites in Gilead or over the people of Ammon crossed over
over the people of Ammon crossed over
over the people of Ammon crossed over the Jordan to fight against Judah also
the Jordan to fight against Judah also
the Jordan to fight against Judah also against Benjamin and against the house
against Benjamin and against the house
against Benjamin and against the house of Ephraim
of Ephraim
of Ephraim so that Israel was severely distressed
so that Israel was severely distressed
so that Israel was severely distressed and the children of Israel cried out to
and the children of Israel cried out to
and the children of Israel cried out to the Lord we have sinned against you
the Lord we have sinned against you
the Lord we have sinned against you because we have both forsaken our God
because we have both forsaken our God
because we have both forsaken our God and served the bails so the Lord said to
and served the bails so the Lord said to
and served the bails so the Lord said to the children of Israel did I not deliver
the children of Israel did I not deliver
the children of Israel did I not deliver you from the Egyptians and from the
you from the Egyptians and from the
you from the Egyptians and from the amorite and from the people of Ammon and
amorite and from the people of Ammon and
amorite and from the people of Ammon and from the Philistines also the side
from the Philistines also the side
from the Philistines also the side onehans and Amalekites and mayor nights
onehans and Amalekites and mayor nights
onehans and Amalekites and mayor nights oppressed you and you cried out to me
oppressed you and you cried out to me
oppressed you and you cried out to me and I delivered you from there
and I delivered you from there
and I delivered you from there yet you have forsaken me and served
yet you have forsaken me and served
yet you have forsaken me and served other gods therefore I will deliver you
other gods therefore I will deliver you
other gods therefore I will deliver you no more go and cry out to the gods which
no more go and cry out to the gods which
no more go and cry out to the gods which you have chosen let them deliver you in
you have chosen let them deliver you in
you have chosen let them deliver you in your time of distress we have sinned do
your time of distress we have sinned do
your time of distress we have sinned do to us whatever seems best to you only
to us whatever seems best to you only
to us whatever seems best to you only deliver us this day we pray so they put
deliver us this day we pray so they put
deliver us this day we pray so they put away the foreign gods from among them
away the foreign gods from among them
away the foreign gods from among them and served the Lord and his soul could
and served the Lord and his soul could
and served the Lord and his soul could no longer endure the misery of Israel
no longer endure the misery of Israel
no longer endure the misery of Israel then the people of ammon gathered
then the people of ammon gathered
then the people of ammon gathered together and encamped in Gilead and the
together and encamped in Gilead and the
together and encamped in Gilead and the children of Israel assembled together
children of Israel assembled together
children of Israel assembled together and encamped in Misbah and the people
and encamped in Misbah and the people
and encamped in Misbah and the people the leaders of Gilead said to one
the leaders of Gilead said to one
the leaders of Gilead said to one another who is the man who will begin
another who is the man who will begin
another who is the man who will begin the fight against the people of ammon he
the fight against the people of ammon he
the fight against the people of ammon he shall be head over all the inhabitants
shall be head over all the inhabitants
shall be head over all the inhabitants of helium
of helium
of helium [Music]